under unicsol



As a Devops Engineer, my job roles is involved workimg very closely with senior architects , consultants and developers, including deploying product updates, identifying pre production issuesand day to daytargets by attending daliy stand-ups to meet the customer need

As a part of solution review calls , I used to present the demo to the customers to get the feedback and implement the review comments. I recived postive feedback

  about the work i delivered.


.Expertize writing docker files to create custom docker images.

. Dockerise applications by writing docker compose files.

. Created and managed the infrastructure of large scale , highly avaliablity platform that supports 1000's of users.

. Provisioned AWS resources (EC2,AMI,VPC,SG,S3,Route53,IAM policies,CloudFront etc) using Terraform.

. Created multiple terraform modules to manage configurations, application services automate installation process for Web servers.

. Created reproducible builds of kubernetes applications, templates, kuberentes manifests, provide set of configuration parameters to customize development.

.  Implemented production ready,load balanced,highly avaliable,fault tolerant,auto scaling kuberenetes cloud infrastructure and microservices container orchestration created cluster ready using kubernetes.

. Worked on creating many pods, replication controller, replica sets, services, deployments,labels,health checks and ingress by writing YAML files.


Docklandscreative



. Created GitLab CICD pipelines from source code to various test and productin environments.

. Involved in devops process for build and deployment of a 3 tier web archiecture.
 

. Handle work from inital stage of development to create branches, make developers follow standards.

. Exprience in troubleshooting issues generated while build and deployments.






Graduate Teaching Assistant

. Delivering a number of practical sessions across a number of computing modules.

. Preparing the necessary material for parctical secissions.

. Supporting students with any module queries.

. Carrying out any associated marking.

. Taking part in module team meetings.




about


AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Junior DevOps engineer with a passion for AWS and other cloud native tools. I've experience with Linux distros (ubuntu, Centos), using source code version control(git), implementing CI CD pipelines using Jenkins, containerisation with Docker , configuration management using Terraform, monitoring using Prometheus, scripting using bash, experience with AWS features such as IAM, Policies, VPC, S3, EC2 and ECS, 



Having several years of experience as an Cloud, DevOps Engineer with AWS and Cloud services, looking for a great opportunity with a mid-large size firm where I can contribute towards upcoming technology innovations and manage key projects that impact the organisation as well as broaden my scope of learning from the organisations team members. A quick learner who picks up new technologies, methods and skills quickly. Have sound knowledge in Linux system administration. Experience in handling various OS like Windows, RHEL, Ubuntu and Kali

. Creating build scripts, labeling, automating the build process and deploy process by using GitLab.






